And The Last Lecture we edit our own recipe spaghetti and we recognize that the image preview is not
working well that makes sense because if we have a look at the recipe edit component here where we try
to preview the image we're not finding the source.
We should do what is.
I'll add a local reference named immerged path to that input because I want to get access to that input
inside of this template.
And then all bind the source you're to that local reference to image POV value because that is exactly
what I want to display here with that if we now create a new recipe and paste in our old link now we
immediately get a preview of this image.
So now it's working as expected.
And now if I add my spaghetti recipe.
Very tasteful with my new ingredient spaghetti 100 and some tomatoes.
Three.
And if I had save now here it is.
Now we can see it.
Now we can edit it.
Multiple exclamation marks make it more meaningful.
We can send it to the shopping list to find our spaghetti on tomatoes there.
Well we already have tomatoes here so we can delete these here I guess.
And we lost it.
Where are our spaghetti is.
If I go back to recipes spaghetti are gone.
So that seems to be another bug we need to fix.